README.md, before:

# purs-loader

> [PureScript](http://www.purescript.org) loader for [webpack](http://webpack.github.io)

- Supports hot-reloading and rebuilding of single source files
- Dead code elimination using the `bundle` option
- Colorized build output using `purescript-psa` and the `psc: "psa"` option

## Install

Install with [npm](https://npmjs.org/package/purs-loader).

```
// For PureScript 0.9 and newer
npm install purs-loader --save-dev

// For PureScript 0.8
npm install purs-loader@purescript-0.8 --save-dev
```

## Example

```javascript
const webpackConfig = {
  // ...
  loaders: [
    // ...
    {
      test: /\.purs$/,
      loader: 'purs-loader',
      exclude: /node_modules/,
      query: {
        psc: 'psa',
        src: ['bower_components/purescript-*/src/**/*.purs', 'src/**/*.purs']
      }
    }
    // ...
  ]
  // ...
}
```

Refer to the [purescript-webpack-example](https://github.com/ethul/purescript-webpack-example) for a more detailed example.

### Options

Default options:

```javascript
const loaderConfig = {
  psc: 'psc',
  pscArgs: {},
  pscBundle: 'psc-bundle',
  pscBundleArgs: {},
  pscIde: false, // instant rebuilds using psc-ide-server (experimental)
  pscIdeArgs: {}, // for example, to use different psc-ide-server port: {port: 4088}
  pscIdeServerArgs: {}, // for example, to change the port { port: 4088 }
  pscIdeColors: false, // defaults to true if psc === 'psa'
  pscPackage: false,
  bundleOutput: 'output/bundle.js',
  bundleNamespace: 'PS',
  bundle: false,
  warnings: true,
  watch: false, // indicates if webpack is in watch mode
  output: 'output',
  src: [
    path.join('src', '**', '*.purs'),
    // if pscPackage = false
    path.join('bower_components', 'purescript-*', 'src', '**', '*.purs')
    // if pscPackage = true
    // source paths reported by `psc-package sources`
  ]
}
```

### `psc-ide` support (experimental)

Experimental support for instant rebuilds using `psc-ide-server` can be enabled
via the `pscIde: true` option.
You can use an already running `psc-ide-server` instance by specifying the port in `pscIdeArgs`,
if there is no server running this loader will start one for you.


#### Slower webpack startup after using purs-loader ?

By default, the psc-ide-server will be passed the globs from query.src, this is
helpful for other tools using psc-ide-server (for example IDE plugins), however
it might result in a slower initial webpack startup time (rebuilds are not
affected). To override the default behaviour, add:
`pscIdeServerArgs: { "_": ['your/*globs/here'] }` to the loader config

### `psc-package` support (experimental)

Set `pscPackage` query parameter to `true` to enable `psc-package` support. The `psc-package`-supplied source paths 
will be appended to `src` parameter.

Commit message:

Update README for error reporting

README.md, after:

# purs-loader

> [PureScript](http://www.purescript.org) loader for [webpack](http://webpack.github.io)

- Supports hot-reloading and rebuilding of single source files
- Dead code elimination using the `bundle` option
- Colorized build output using `purescript-psa` and the `psc: "psa"` option

## Install

Install with [npm](https://npmjs.org/package/purs-loader).

```
// For PureScript 0.9 and newer
npm install purs-loader --save-dev

// For PureScript 0.8
npm install purs-loader@purescript-0.8 --save-dev
```

## Example

```javascript
const webpackConfig = {
  // ...
  loaders: [
    // ...
    {
      test: /\.purs$/,
      loader: 'purs-loader',
      exclude: /node_modules/,
      query: {
        psc: 'psa',
        src: ['bower_components/purescript-*/src/**/*.purs', 'src/**/*.purs']
      }
    }
    // ...
  ]
  // ...
}
```

Refer to the [purescript-webpack-example](https://github.com/ethul/purescript-webpack-example) for a more detailed example.

### Options

Default options:

```javascript
const loaderConfig = {
  psc: 'psc',
  pscArgs: {},
  pscBundle: 'psc-bundle',
  pscBundleArgs: {},
  pscIde: false, // instant rebuilds using psc-ide-server (experimental)
  pscIdeArgs: {}, // for example, to use different psc-ide-server port: {port: 4088}
  pscIdeServerArgs: {}, // for example, to change the port { port: 4088 }
  pscIdeColors: false, // defaults to true if psc === 'psa'
  pscPackage: false,
  bundleOutput: 'output/bundle.js',
  bundleNamespace: 'PS',
  bundle: false,
  warnings: true,
  watch: false, // indicates if webpack is in watch mode
  output: 'output',
  src: [
    path.join('src', '**', '*.purs'),
    // if pscPackage = false
    path.join('bower_components', 'purescript-*', 'src', '**', '*.purs')
    // if pscPackage = true
    // source paths reported by `psc-package sources`
  ]
}
```

### `psc-ide` support (experimental)

Experimental support for instant rebuilds using `psc-ide-server` can be enabled
via the `pscIde: true` option.
You can use an already running `psc-ide-server` instance by specifying the port in `pscIdeArgs`,
if there is no server running this loader will start one for you.

### `psc-package` support (experimental)

Set `pscPackage` query parameter to `true` to enable `psc-package` support. The `psc-package`-supplied source paths
will be appended to `src` parameter.

### Troubleshooting

#### Slower webpack startup after enabling psc-ide support?

By default, the psc-ide-server will be passed the globs from query.src, this is
helpful for other tools using psc-ide-server (for example IDE plugins), however
it might result in a slower initial webpack startup time (rebuilds are not
affected). To override the default behaviour, add:
`pscIdeServerArgs: { "_": ['your/*globs/here'] }` to the loader config

#### Errors not being displayed in watch mode?

When the `watch` option is set to `true`, psc errors are appended to
webpack's compilation instance errors array and not passed back as an
error to the loader's callback. This may result in the error not being
reported by webpack. To display errors, the following plugin may be added
to the webpack config.

```javascript
const webpackConfig = {
  // ...
  plugins: [
    function(){
      this.plugin('done', function(stats){
        process.stderr.write(stats.toString('errors-only'));
      });
    }
  ]
  // ...
}
```
